item.basemetals.adamantine_scythe.name=adamantine scythe
item.basemetals.antimony_scythe.name=antimony scythe
item.basemetals.aquarium_scythe.name=aquarium scythe
item.basemetals.bismuth_scythe.name=bismuth scythe
item.basemetals.brass_scythe.name=brass scythe
item.basemetals.bronze_scythe.name=bronze scythe
item.basemetals.coldiron_scythe.name=coldiron scythe
item.basemetals.copper_scythe.name=copper scythe
item.basemetals.cupronickel_scythe.name=cupronickel scythe
item.basemetals.diamond_scythe.name=diamond scythe
item.basemetals.electrum_scythe.name=electrum scythe
item.basemetals.emerald_scythe.name=emerald scythe
item.basemetals.gold_scythe.name=gold scythe
item.basemetals.invar_scythe.name=invar scythe
item.basemetals.iron_scythe.name=iron scythe
item.basemetals.lead_scythe.name=lead scythe
item.basemetals.mithril_scythe.name=mithril scythe
item.basemetals.nickel_scythe.name=nickel scythe
item.basemetals.obsidian_scythe.name=obsidian scythe
item.basemetals.pewter_scythe.name=pewter scythe
item.basemetals.platinum_scythe.name=platinum scythe
item.basemetals.quartz_scythe.name=quartz scythe
item.basemetals.silver_scythe.name=silver scythe
item.basemetals.starsteel_scythe.name=starsteel scythe
item.basemetals.steel_scythe.name=steel scythe
item.basemetals.stone_scythe.name=stone scythe
item.basemetals.tin_scythe.name=tin scythe
item.basemetals.wood_scythe.name=wood scythe
item.basemetals.zinc_scythe.name=zinc scythe
